ACM-21807: SDK directory reorg, documentation (#4786)
stolostron/console: frontend/packages/multicluster-sdk/README.md

[:link: Source](https://github.com/stolostron/console/blob/main/frontend/packages/multicluster-sdk/tree/../src/api/useFleetPrometheusPoll/index.ts#L13)

### :gear: useFleetSearchPoll

> A React hook that provides fleet-wide search functionality using ACM's Console's search API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A React hook that provides fleet-wide search functionality using the ACM search API.
```

| Function | Type |
| ---------- | ---------- |
| `useFleetSearchPoll` | `UseFleetSearchPoll` |

Parameters:

* `watchOptions`: - Configuration options for the resource watch
* `watchOptions.groupVersionKind`: - The group, version, and kind of the resource to search for
* `watchOptions.limit`: - Maximum number of results to return (defaults to -1 for no limit)
* `watchOptions.namespace`: - Namespace to search in (only used if namespaced is true)
* `watchOptions.namespaced`: - Whether the resource is namespaced
* `watchOptions.name`: - Specific resource name to search for (exact match)
* `watchOptions.isList`: - Whether to return results as a list or single item
* `advancedSearch`: - Optional array of additional search filters
* `advancedSearch[].property`: - The property name to filter on
* `advancedSearch[].values`: - Array of values to match for the property

> * `pollInterval`: - Optional polling interval in milliseconds. If provided, the search will be repeated at this interval

Reviewer: Can we use seconds as the unit? Because the shortest polling interval allowed should be 30 seconds, so a millisecond resolution is not needed. I also want to make polling the default since it's part of the name.
I propose:

- pollInterval not specified: polls every 30 seconds
- pollInterval 0-30 inclusive: polls every 30 seconds
- pollInterval >30: polls at the given interval
- pollInterval false or negative: polling disabled
